AAP2336 - Created topics for Migration & Upgrade of Operator on OCP (#460)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/platform/con-aap-migration-prepare.adoc

[id="aap-migration-prepare"]

= Preparing for migration

[role="_abstract"]

> Before migrating your current {PlatformNameShort} deployment to {OperatorPlatform}, you need to backup your existing data, create k8s secrets for your secret key and postgresql configuration.

Reviewer: This is very minor suggestion, but thought it was worth mentioning (verb back up vs. noun backup or back-up):

```suggestion
Before migrating your current {PlatformNameShort} deployment to {OperatorPlatform}, you need to back up your existing data, create k8s secrets for your secret key and postgresql configuration.
```

Author: Fixed.

[id="aap-migration-prepare"]

= Preparing for migration

[role="_abstract"]

> Before migrating your current {PlatformNameShort} deployment to {OperatorPlatform}, you need to backup your existing data, create secret keys, and create a postresql configuration secret for migration.

Reviewer 2: Instead of:
```
create secret keys, and create a postresql configuration secret
```

This is a bit more accurate and explicit:

```
create k8s secrets for your secret key and postgresql configuration
```

It gets confusing because the kubernetes construct for storing sensitive data called a "Secret".  So the user has to create a k8s "Secret" containing the secret key value (also known as the symmetric key) for the old T

Reviewer 3: I second this, the second version is much more descriptive.

Author: Suggested changes complete.
